Radford University
Department of ITEC

    The Radford Department of ITEC in the Artis College of Science and Technology comprises of several degree programs , including:
    
        * Networking
        * CyberSecurity
        * Database
        * Software Engineering

    Through these various programs, this department provides a variety of noncredit and credit-bearing programs online and on campus. The Department of ITEC is part of Radford University and is responsible for extending excellence to students at every stage of learning.

        Radford Graduate program

            Study part time at Radford, in evening or online courses. Earn a degree, professional certificate, or take a course for enrichment.
            
            At Radford Graduate School, we offer over 300 courses to help you gain new perspectives, develop a professional skill, or earn a Radford credential. Whatever your learning goals, Radford Gradaute School can help you achieve them.

        Radford Summer School

            The Radford Summer School makes Radford’s academic resources -- a distinguished faculty, well-equipped library, and a world-class university laboratory -- available to men and women of many ages, backgrounds, and nationalities through an intensive summer session of liberal arts courses on campus or online.
            
            Our more than 300 summer courses cover a wide range of subjects, including those in science, humanities, writing, economics, computer science, and many foreign languages. Some courses prepare you for advanced studies in nursing and education. Others introduce you to topics like drama, dance, management, and finance.            

        Learning in retirement

            The Radford Undergraduate program is a vibrant community of retired and semi-retired academics and professionals participating in classes and activities at Radford University.
			
        Professional development

            Through the professional development programs offered by the Radford Division of Continuing Education, you can keep yourself and your staff up-to-speed in today's ever-evolving technology and business environments. 

            At Radford, we help leaders evolve. Here with us, you can discover new ways to foster change, drive growth and innovation, and make an impact globally. You’ll find opportunities in specialized fields such as nursing, health education and k-12 education, as well as options for high-performing managers to advance to senior leadership roles. 
                
Radford University, 801 East Main St., Radford, Virginia 24142, 540-831-5000
www.radford.edu/content/csat/home/itec.html	
	